{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Data Scientist Role Play: Profiling and Analyzing the Yelp Dataset Coursera Worksheet\
\
This is a 2-part assignment. In the first part, you are asked a series of questions that will help you profile and understand the data just like a data scientist would. For this first part of the assignment, you will be assessed both on the correctness of your findings, as well as the code you used to arrive at your answer. You will be graded on how easy your code is to read, so remember to use proper formatting and comments where necessary.\
\
In the second part of the assignment, you are asked to come up with your own inferences and analysis of the data for a particular research question you want to answer. You will be required to prepare the dataset for the analysis you choose to do. As with the first part, you will be graded, in part, on how easy your code is to read, so use proper formatting and comments to illustrate and communicate your intent as required.\
\
For both parts of this assignment, use this "worksheet." It provides all the questions you are being asked, and your job will be to transfer your answers and SQL coding where indicated into this worksheet so that your peers can review your work. You should be able to use any Text Editor (Windows Notepad, Apple TextEdit, Notepad ++, Sublime Text, etc.) to copy and paste your answers. If you are going to use Word or some other page layout application, just be careful to make sure your answers and code are lined appropriately.\
In this case, you may want to save as a PDF to ensure your formatting remains intact for you reviewer.\
\
\
\
Part 1: Yelp Dataset Profiling and Understanding\
\
1. Profile the data by finding the total number of records for each of the tables below:\
	\
\
i. Attribute table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
ii. Business table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
iii. Category table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
iv. Checkin table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
v. elite_years table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
vi. friend table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
vii. hours table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
viii. photo table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
ix. review table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
x. tip table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
xi. user table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
	\
\
\
2. Find the total distinct records by either the foreign key or primary key for each table. If two foreign keys are listed in the table, please specify which foreign key.\
\
i. Business = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000 using id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
ii. Hours = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 1562 using business_id 
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
iii. Category = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 2643 using business_id 
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
iv. Attribute = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 1115 using business_id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
v. Review = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000 using id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
vi. Checkin = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 493 using business_id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
vii. Photo = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000 using id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
viii. Tip = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 537 using user_id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
ix. User = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 10000 using id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
x. Friend = 11 user_id\
xi. Elite_years = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 2780 using user_id
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
Note: Primary Keys are denoted in the ER-Diagram with a yellow key icon.	\
\
\
\
3. Are there any columns with null values in the Users table? Indicate "yes," or "no."\
\
	Answer: NO\
	\
	\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
SELECT id,  name, review_count, yelping_since, useful, funny, cool, fans, average_stars, compliment_hot, compliment_more, compliment_profile, compliment_cute, compliment_list, compliment_note, compliment_plain, compliment_cool, compliment_funny, compliment_writer,  compliment_photos\
FROM user\
where name is null or\
review_count is null or\
yelping_since is null or\
useful is null or\
funny is null or\
cool is null or\
fans is null or\
average_stars is null or\
compliment_hot is null or\
compliment_more is null or\
compliment_profile is null or\
compliment_cute is null or\
compliment_list is null or\
compliment_note is null or\
compliment_plain is null or\
compliment_cool is null or\
compliment_funny is null or\
compliment_writer is null or\
compliment_photos is null\
\
\
	\
4. For each table and column listed below, display the smallest (minimum), largest (maximum), and average (mean) value for the following fields:\
\
	i. Table: Review, Column: Stars\
	\
		min:	1	max:	5	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 3.7082
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
		\
	\
	ii. Table: Business, Column: Stars\
	\
		min:	1	max:	5	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 3.6549
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
		\
	\
	iii. Table: Tip, Column: Likes\
	\
		min:	0	max:	2	avg: 0.0144\
		\
	\
	iv. Table: Checkin, Column: Count\
	\
		min:	1	max:	53	avg: 1.9414\
		\
	\
	v. Table: User, Column: Review_count\
	\
		min:	0	max:	2000	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 24.2995
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
		\
\
\
5. List the cities with the most reviews in descending order:\
\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:	\
\
	select city,\
	sum(Review_count)\
	from business\
	group by city\
	order by sum(Review_count) desc\
\
	\
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +-----------------+-------------------+\
| city            | sum(Review_count) |\
+-----------------+-------------------+\
| Las Vegas       |             82854 |\
| Phoenix         |             34503 |\
| Toronto         |             24113 |\
| Scottsdale      |             20614 |\
| Charlotte       |             12523 |\
| Henderson       |             10871 |\
| Tempe           |             10504 |\
| Pittsburgh      |              9798 |\
| Montr\'e9al        |              9448 |\
| Chandler        |              8112 |\
| Mesa            |              6875 |\
| Gilbert         |              6380 |\
| Cleveland       |              5593 |\
| Madison         |              5265 |\
| Glendale        |              4406 |\
| Mississauga     |              3814 |\
| Edinburgh       |              2792 |\
| Peoria          |              2624 |\
| North Las Vegas |              2438 |\
| Markham         |              2352 |\
| Champaign       |              2029 |\
| Stuttgart       |              1849 |\
| Surprise        |              1520 |\
| Lakewood        |              1465 |\
| Goodyear        |              1155 |\
+-----------------+-------------------+\
(Output limit exceeded, 25 of 362 total rows shown)\
\

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 6. Find the distribution of star ratings to the business in the following cities:\
\
i. Avon\
\
SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\
	select stars as 'star rating', count(stars) as count \
	from business\
  	where city == 'Avon'	\
  	group by stars\
\
\
Copy and Paste the Resulting Table Below (2 columns \'e2\'80\'93 star rating and count):\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +-------------+-------+\
| star rating | count |\
+-------------+-------+\
|         1.5 |     1 |\
|         2.5 |     2 |\
|         3.5 |     3 |\
|         4.0 |     2 |\
|         4.5 |     1 |\
|         5.0 |     1 |\
+-------------+-------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
ii. Beachwood\
\
SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\
	select stars as 'star rating', count(stars) as count \
	from business\
  where city == 'Beachwood'	\
  group by stars\
\
Copy and Paste the Resulting Table Below (2 columns \'e2\'80\'93 star rating and count):\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +-------------+-------+\
| star rating | count |\
+-------------+-------+\
|         2.0 |     1 |\
|         2.5 |     1 |\
|         3.0 |     2 |\
|         3.5 |     2 |\
|         4.0 |     1 |\
|         4.5 |     2 |\
|         5.0 |     5 |\
+-------------+-------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
7. Find the top 3 users based on their total number of reviews:\
		\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
	select name, review_count\
	from user\
	order by review_count desc\
	  limit 3\
		\
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +--------+--------------+\
| name   | review_count |\
+--------+--------------+\
| Gerald |         2000 |\
| Sara   |         1629 |\
| Yuri   |         1339 |\
+--------+--------------+\

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
8. Does posing more reviews correlate with more fans?\
\
Perhaps somewhat. I would have to do some additional analysis to more precisely determine the correlation. \
\
	Please explain your findings and interpretation of the results:\
	\
When I search for those with the top number of fans, a few of them also appeared as the top reviewers (most number of reviews), including but not limited to Gerald (who was in first place), .Hon (who was in fourth place) and William (who was in fifth place). So perhaps there is some slight correlation. \
\
	select name, review_count, fans\
	from user\
	order by fans desc\
  	limit 20\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +-----------+--------------+------+\
| name      | review_count | fans |\
+-----------+--------------+------+\
| Amy       |          609 |  503 |\
| Mimi      |          968 |  497 |\
| Harald    |         1153 |  311 |\
| Gerald    |         2000 |  253 |\
| Christine |          930 |  173 |\
| Lisa      |          813 |  159 |\
| Cat       |          377 |  133 |\
| William   |         1215 |  126 |\
| Fran      |          862 |  124 |\
| Lissa     |          834 |  120 |\
| Mark      |          861 |  115 |\
| Tiffany   |          408 |  111 |\
| bernice   |          255 |  105 |\
| Roanna    |         1039 |  104 |\
| Angela    |          694 |  101 |\
| .Hon      |         1246 |  101 |\
| Ben       |          307 |   96 |\
| Linda     |          584 |   89 |\
| Christina |          842 |   85 |\
| Jessica   |          220 |   84 |\
+-----------+--------------+------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
9. Are there more reviews with the word "love" or with the word "hate" in them?\
\
	Answer: Love\
\
	\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\
	select 'love' as word, count(text) as count\
	from review\
  	WHERE Text LIKE '%love%'\
  	union\
  	select 'hate' as word, count(text) as count\
	from review\
  	WHERE Text LIKE '%hate%'\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +------+-------+\
| word | count |\
+------+-------+\
| hate |   232 |\
| love |  1780 |\
+------+-------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
10. Find the top 10 users with the most fans:\
\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
	select name, review_count, fans\
	from user\
	order by fans desc\
  	limit 10\
	\
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
\

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +-----------+--------------+------+\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf3 | name      | review_count | fans |\
+-----------+--------------+------+\
| Amy       |          609 |  503 |\
| Mimi      |          968 |  497 |\
| Harald    |         1153 |  311 |\
| Gerald    |         2000 |  253 |\
| Christine |          930 |  173 |\
| Lisa      |          813 |  159 |\
| Cat       |          377 |  133 |\
| William   |         1215 |  126 |\
| Fran      |          862 |  124 |\
| Lissa     |          834 |  120 |\
+-----------+--------------+------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
\
	\
\
Part 2: Inferences and Analysis\
\
\
1. Pick one city and category of your choice and group the businesses in that city or category by their overall star rating. Compare the businesses with 2-3 stars to the businesses with 4-5 stars and answer the following questions. Include your code.\
	\
I chose the city Las Vegas and the category \'93shopping\'94.\
\
i. Do the two groups you chose to analyze have a different distribution of hours?\
\
Somewhat. Most of the stores open at 8 or 10 am and then close between 4 or 5 pm. The only one that  closes much later, Walgreens  at 10 pm, has the worst rating: 2.5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 +--------------------------------+-----------+-------+----------+----------------------+-----------------------------+-------------+-------+\
| name                           | city      | stars | category | hours                | address                     | postal_code | count |\
+--------------------------------+-----------+-------+----------+----------------------+-----------------------------+-------------+-------+\
| Walgreens                      | Las Vegas |   2.5 | Shopping | Saturday|8:00-22:00  | 3808 E Tropicana Ave        | 89121       |     7 |\
| Wooly Wonders                  | Las Vegas |   3.5 | Shopping | Saturday|10:00-16:00 | 3421 E Tropicana Ave, Ste I | 89121       |     6 |\
| Red Rock Canyon Visitor Center | Las Vegas |   4.5 | Shopping | Saturday|8:00-16:30  | 1000 Scenic Loop Dr         | 89161       |     7 |\
| Desert Medical Equipment       | Las Vegas |   5.0 | Shopping | Monday|8:00-17:00    | 3555 W Reno Ave, Ste F      | 89118       |     5 |\
+--------------------------------+-----------+-------+----------+----------------------+-----------------------------+-------------+-------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\
ii. Do the two groups you chose to analyze have a different number of reviews?\
\
Not really. They each have about 5 to 7 reviews. There are not clear patterns in terms of rating and number of reviews.          \
         \
iii. Are you able to infer anything from the location data provided between these two groups? Explain.\
\
Not necessarily. The best and worst rated stores are in southern Las Vegas. The ratings may have something to do with the quality of the strip mall, customer service or other factors. One possible explanation is that the worst-rated store Walgreens is a franchise, while one of the best-rated stores is the Red Rock Canyon Visitor Center, which is the visitor\'92s store for a national park and is likely to be more favorable.\
\
SQL code used for analysis:\
\
		\
select \
business.name, business.city, business.stars, category.category, hours.hours, business.address, business.postal_code, count(business.stars) as count\
from (business inner join category on business.id = category.business_id) inner join hours on hours.business_id = business.id \
where business.city = 'Las Vegas' and category.category = 'Shopping'\
group by business.stars\
\
\
		\
2. Group business based on the ones that are open and the ones that are closed. What differences can you find between the ones that are still open and the ones that are closed? List at least two differences and the SQL code you used to arrive at your answer.\
		\
i. Difference 1:\
         \
One of the first important differences is that the average count of reviews for restaurants that are open are much higher than the average count of reviews for restaurants that are closed. \
\
\
ii. Difference 2:\
         \
Second, the average star rating is higher for those that are open than those that are closed. \
         \
         \
SQL code used for analysis:\
\
\
select b.is_open, avg(b.stars) as 'average stars', min(b.stars) as min_stars, max(b.stars) as max_stars, avg(b.review_count) as average_review, count(b.is_open) as count\
from business b \
group by b.is_open\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +---------+---------------+----------------+-------+\
| is_open | average stars | average_review | count |\
+---------+---------------+----------------+-------+\
|       0 | 3.52039473684 |  23.1980263158 |  1520 |\
|       1 | 3.67900943396 |  31.7570754717 |  8480 |\
+---------+---------------+----------------+-------+\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
3. For this last part of your analysis, you are going to choose the type of analysis you want to conduct on the Yelp dataset and are going to prepare the data for analysis.\
\
Ideas for analysis include: Parsing out keywords and business attributes for sentiment analysis, clustering businesses to find commonalities or anomalies between them, predicting the overall star rating for a business, predicting the number of fans a user will have, and so on. These are just a few examples to get you started, so feel free to be creative and come up with your own problem you want to solve. Provide answers, in-line, to all of the following:\
	\
i. Indicate the type of analysis you chose to do:\
         \
I will try to understand what factors determine the number of fans a user will have. \
\
         \
ii. Write 1-2 brief paragraphs on the type of data you will need for your analysis and why you chose that data:\
\
To explore the factors that influence the number of fans, I examined the total number of reviews written, the number of comments made by users based on whether or not reviews were useful, funny or cool (I summed those variables together), the number of active years on Yelp (which I created from yelping_since) and the average stars given in reviews. I created two tables, one for the users with the largest number of fans and one for those with the least number of fans from the \'93user\'94 table. This comparison showed me that the total number of reviews, number of active years and number of other\'92s comments were important variables. Among those with the least number of fans, there were very few reviews written, few comments from others, and a large number of 4 or fewer active years. The opposite is true among those with the most number of fans. Average number of stars didn\'92t seem to show any patterns across both groups. In further analysis, I would examine features such as location, type of reviews (whether they\'92re mostly for restaurants or something else) and other variables to determine their role in the number of fans.  \
        \
                  \
iii. Output of your finished dataset:\
         
\fs16 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +------------------------+-----------+------+--------------+--------------+-------------+---------------------+--------+--------+--------+---------------+\
| id                     | name      | fans | review_count | sum_comments | activeyears | yelping_since       | useful |  funny |   cool | average_stars |\
+------------------------+-----------+------+--------------+--------------+-------------+---------------------+--------+--------+--------+---------------+\
| -9I98YbNQnLdAmcYfb324Q | Amy       |  503 |          609 |         8531 |          10 | 2007-07-19 00:00:00 |   3226 |   2554 |   2751 |          3.21 |\
| -8EnCioUmDygAbsYZmTeRQ | Mimi      |  497 |          968 |          554 |           6 | 2011-03-30 00:00:00 |    257 |    138 |    159 |          4.05 |\
| --2vR0DIsmQ6WfcSzKWigw | Harald    |  311 |         1153 |       368230 |           5 | 2012-11-27 00:00:00 | 122921 | 122419 | 122890 |           4.4 |\
| -G7Zkl1wIWBBmD0KRy_sCw | Gerald    |  253 |         2000 |        34856 |           5 | 2012-12-16 00:00:00 |  17524 |   2324 |  15008 |           3.6 |\
| -0IiMAZI2SsQ7VmyzJjokQ | Christine |  173 |          930 |        15801 |           8 | 2009-07-08 00:00:00 |   4834 |   6646 |   4321 |          3.69 |\
| -g3XIcCb2b-BD0QBCcq2Sw | Lisa      |  159 |          813 |           67 |           8 | 2009-10-05 00:00:00 |     48 |     13 |      6 |          4.09 |\
| -9bbDysuiWeo2VShFJJtcw | Cat       |  133 |          377 |         2810 |           8 | 2009-02-05 00:00:00 |   1062 |    672 |   1076 |          3.99 |\
| -FZBTkAZEXoP7CYvRV2ZwQ | William   |  126 |         1215 |        28094 |           2 | 2015-02-19 00:00:00 |   9363 |   9361 |   9370 |          4.41 |\
| -9da1xk7zgnnfO1uTVYGkA | Fran      |  124 |          862 |        26801 |           5 | 2012-04-05 00:00:00 |   9851 |   7606 |   9344 |           4.1 |\
| -lh59ko3dxChBSZ9U7LfUw | Lissa     |  120 |          834 |          947 |          10 | 2007-08-14 00:00:00 |    455 |    150 |    342 |          3.68 |\
+------------------------+-----------+------+--------------+--------------+-------------+---------------------+--------+--------+--------+---------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 +------------------------+-------+------+--------------+--------------+-------------+---------------------+--------+-------+------+---------------+\
| id                     | name  | fans | review_count | sum_comments | activeyears | yelping_since       | useful | funny | cool | average_stars |\
+------------------------+-------+------+--------------+--------------+-------------+---------------------+--------+-------+------+---------------+\
| ---94vtJ_5o_nikEs6hUjg | Joe   |    0 |            2 |            0 |           1 | 2016-05-27 00:00:00 |      0 |     0 |    0 |           5.0 |\
| ---cu1hq55BP9DWVXXKHZg | Jeb   |    0 |           57 |           48 |           8 | 2009-04-18 00:00:00 |     34 |    14 |    0 |          3.79 |\
| ---fhiwiwBYrvqhpXgcWDQ | Jed   |    0 |            8 |            6 |           6 | 2011-04-20 00:00:00 |      2 |     3 |    1 |          2.78 |\
| ---PLwSf5gKdIoVnyRHgBA | Rae   |    0 |            2 |            1 |           2 | 2015-07-31 00:00:00 |      1 |     0 |    0 |           4.0 |\
| --0RtXvcOIE4XbErYca6Rw | Ryan  |    0 |            2 |            0 |           4 | 2013-05-30 00:00:00 |      0 |     0 |    0 |           4.5 |\
| --0sXNBv6IizZXuV-nl0Aw | Joe   |    0 |            1 |            0 |           4 | 2013-01-09 00:00:00 |      0 |     0 |    0 |           5.0 |\
| --0WZ5gklOfbUIodJuKfaQ | Scott |    0 |            7 |            0 |           4 | 2013-02-19 00:00:00 |      0 |     0 |    0 |          4.11 |\
| --104qdWvE99vaoIsj9ZJQ | John  |    0 |            3 |            2 |           1 | 2016-04-26 00:00:00 |      0 |     0 |    2 |          2.33 |\
| --1av6NdbEbMiuBr7Aup9A | Ron   |    0 |            9 |            0 |           7 | 2010-09-26 00:00:00 |      0 |     0 |    0 |          4.33 |\
| --1mPJZdSY9KluaBYAGboQ | Bryan |    0 |            5 |            0 |           6 | 2011-07-04 00:00:00 |      0 |     0 |    0 |           5.0 |\
+------------------------+-------+------+--------------+--------------+-------------+---------------------+--------+-------+------+---------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 iv. Provide the SQL code you used to create your final dataset:\
\
\
select\
id , name , fans ,  review_count ,  (useful+ funny+cool) as sum_comments, (2017-STRFTIME('%Y', yelping_since)) as activeyears, yelping_since , useful , funny ,  cool ,  average_stars \
from user \
order by fans desc\
limit 10\
\
select\
id , name , fans ,  review_count ,  (useful+ funny+cool) as sum_comments, (2017-STRFTIME('%Y', yelping_since)) as activeyears, yelping_since , useful , funny ,  cool ,  average_stars \
from user \
order by fans asc\
limit 10\
\
\
}